### Context 

Throughout the course, students be working towards creating a single page website focused on a topic of that the student has chosen about Social Impact for Good. Our WEB101 students will work on a project using Replit. Students will be submitting a Google doc instead of a README template. 

The assignment will have two parts. Part A is an essay similar to your submission from Task 1. Part B is a simple coding assignment where basic HTML and CSS is use.

In this task, you will be referring to the Google doc submitted by our students. You will be checking the code of the student. It is a very simple verification if the student has correctly done the assignment. For you to easily grade submissions, you will be using a grading rubric. You also need to update the scores of the student in the Google doc.

### Grading Guide

All CodePath assignments will have a grading guide. This guide will serve as our basis in giving points - full points or partial points. Check out each feature below and how we should be grading each feature shown in the video. 

**Feature 1: Replit link correctly links to my public project**<br>
The link works and the student's project is accessible. **Assign 1 point**.

**Feature 2: Project name follows naming convention: First Initial + Last Name + _AdvocacyProject**<br>
The project follows the correct naming convention. The Advocacy Project can also be a different name depending on the project that the student will work on. **Assign 2 points**. 

**Feature 3: Replit link includes the reset.css and reset-webview.css**<br>
The source files must include a file for `reset.css` and another file for `reset-webview.css`. **Assign 2 points.**

**Feature 4: index.html includes code that links the required files**<br>
The css files must be properly linked in the `index.html file`. Verify that the files are correctly linked. **Assign 2 points**. 

**Feature 5: Questions are answered**<br>
There are three different subquestions. These questions must have an answer. Any answer is acceptable as long as it is not a generic statement such as _Lorem ipsum ..._ **Assign 3 points. 1 point for each sub-question answered**.


### Grading Rubric

Our graders use a grading rubric to easily grade submissions. The grading rubric is a spreadsheet which contains the member ID of the student, full name, list of features and the corresponding possible implementation. It also has some Yes or No questions you need to answer. 

The grading rubric will have two tabs - - AND101 and WEB101. Refer to `AND101` tab for this task. The grading rubric also has parts for evaluation. These are:

- **Google Doc evaluation**. Evaluate if the Google doc is accessible and editable. Evaluate if the Google doc follows this [template](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ZaDwiuYdRWFTp8tiXX481WToM-Pd1LhMeqIxVskXu98/edit). 
- **Submission Status**. There are three different types of status - complete, incomplete, complete late and complete late excused.
    - **Complete**. A submission is complete if it is submitted prior to the deadline.
    - **Incomplete**. Incomplete if there is no way for you to give points.
    - **Complete Late**. Complete Late if the assignment is submitted after the deadline.
    - **Complete Late Excused**. Complete late excused means that the assignment is submitted past the deadline but it tagged excused by the assigned coordinators. 

### Your task

In this task, you will be grading sample submissions. As mentioned you do not need to check the source code. Rather, you will only be grading the assignment based on the Google doc submitted by the student. Follow these steps in executing this task. 

- [ ] Create a copy of your [grading rubric](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1QHJM5jPEMFxeXrpjcBi6fN50tZFXW2JWcT_4xTtLc7A). Add your name to the file name _(i.e. Grading Hiring Task 2 + Alyn Rosell.)_ **If you did AND101 first, there is no need for you to create another file. You can use the same file.**
- [ ] Update sharing to anyone with the link can view. Take note of the link and share it with us.
- [ ] Refer to the following submissions made by your students.
      
  - [Student 1: WEB101-01](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1f3NRPA4gH-rooS2K7vJO_fsTuuIb1L8KFUPR0tsRoqY/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Student 2: WEB101-02](https://docs.google.com/document/d/19P6EMMhndh6CEVP7l7eMbqOItrI428uSJQE8hDLpDQM/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Student 3: WEB101-03](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1XMOELfEb9o48Z0e4pIFsdHZOFCVvhkvnDfJxp4tD6cw/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Student 4: WEB101-04](https://docs.google.com/document/d/18JEThYdCkVFCj3M-jR1fOWSVIz5l8W2hGVtlhRbZKMw/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [Student 5: WEB101-05](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1cPBWjXn_q_oRScR4IuG2yJLkbFdvZOvAHjTHkN82jjY/edit?usp=sharing)
      
- [ ] Evaluate the Google doc of each submission. Click the box if it's YES or NO.
- [ ] Evaluate the Replit link submitted by the student. Select from column F (Features) the implementation shown in the GIF. You can only select one per feature.

**Things to Note:** <br>
You will only be mostly checking the boxes. Please refrain from making any changes on the other cells since.

